Remove broken support email (#227)
twilio/twilio-voice-react-native: README.md

- [API Docs](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-voice-react-native/blob/1.0.0-beta.3/docs/api/voice-react-native-sdk.md)
- [Reference App](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-voice-react-native-app)

Please check out the following if you are new to Twilio's Programmable Voice or React Native.

- [Programmable Voice](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/sdks)
- [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started)

## Issues and Support

> Please checkout our [common issues](COMMON_ISSUES.md) page or file any issues you find here on Github. For general inquiries related to the Voice SDK you can file a support ticket. Please ensure that you are not sharing any [Personally Identifiable Information(PII)](https://www.twilio.com/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii) or sensitive account information (API keys, credentials, etc.) when reporting an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check out our [common issues](COMMON_ISSUES.md) page or file any issues you find here on Github. For general inquiries related to Twilio Programmable Voice you can file a support ticket. Please ensure that you are not sharing any [Personally Identifiable Information(PII)](https://www.twilio.com/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii) or sensitive account information (API keys, credentials, etc.) when reporting an issue.
```

- [API Docs](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-voice-react-native/blob/1.0.0-beta.3/docs/api/voice-react-native-sdk.md)
- [Reference App](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-voice-react-native-app)

> Please check out the following if you are new to Twilio's Programmable Voice or React Native. Also, please checkout our [common issues](COMMON_ISSUES.md) page or create a support ticket using your Twilio account if you need technical support.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/twilio/voice-quickstart-android#issues-and-support - this is what Android has. Should we mention about PII?

> Please check out the following if you are new to Twilio's Programmable Voice or React Native. Also, please checkout our [common issues](COMMON_ISSUES.md) page or create a support ticket using your Twilio account if you need technical support.

Author: I can straight copy this. WDYT?
>### Issues and Support
>Please file any issues you find here on Github. For general inquiries related to the Voice SDK you can file a support ticket. Please ensure that you are not sharing any [Personally Identifiable Information(PII)](https://www.twilio.com/docs/glossary/what-is-personally-identifiable-information-pii) or sensitive account information (API keys, credentials, etc.) when reporting an issue.
